New Career section in Docs (#1023)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/career-and-open-positions/README.md

  * Constructive feedback should be on a one-on-one basis.
  * Assume positive intent.
  * Address behavior, not people.
  * Don't let others fail, if you can help. We succeed together.

## **Our Investors**

We have raised a pre-seed round and a seed one for a total of $1.8M. Our investors include YCombinator, 8VC, Auren Hoffman \(founder of LiveRamp\), Travis May \(CEO of DataVant\), Alain Rossmann \(entrepreneur with several exits &gt;$1B\), and other leaders in the data industry. 

We have a lot of capital, but [we're a lean, strong team](../company-handbook/team.md) - so you've got the opportunity to have a huge impact.

## **Our Recruiting Process**

We will schedule 2 to 3 short calls with our founders and team. These will focus on two key areas:

* Ensuring you will be a great cultural fit
* Aptitude for the role

If you succeed with the above, we will set you up with 1 or 2 more in-depth hour-long interviews to test how you actually think and work on some potentially real tasks for the position. It will also be an opportunity for you to see how we work. The team will be here to support you, as we want you to succeed. 

> Once all of this done, we will get back to you very soon. We tend to be very fast!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once all of this done, we will discuss the process internally and get back to you very fast (velocity is everything here)!
```

## **Our Benefits**

> * Unlimited permissionless vacation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unlimited vacation(s?)
```

* Health insurance: we let you choose the insurance of your choice and cover $500 for you + $200 for any dependents. This will evolve with time, especially after our Series A.
* We'll give you a corporate card for expenses. Our philosophy is Freedom & Responsibiility. We trust you, just do what's best for the company.

> * We're strong believers in growth, as individuals and as a team. So anything that can help you grow can be expensed. For instance, free books

Reviewer: is the sentence complete?
